Arien the Tidemaster : A water based fighter with a noble blade attack and finesse fighting style.
Bain the Bounty Hunter : A bounty hunter that can give others a bounty marker and the shoot them with his crossbow. his sister is Cutter.
Brogan the Destroyer : A hardned viking warrior that can take alot of hits and also deal alot of damage in a single slow hit. His problem is being slow.
Brynn the Seeker : A mountain climber that uses obstacles to attack her enemies. Her ice picks are used for climbing and fighting.
Cutter the Sky Pirate : A pirate character and sister of bain. She wants gold and lots of it. Her attacks are based on a repeater hand crossbow or her rapier.
Dodger the Warlock : A ranged damage dealer that can summon back the death but also use death bodies to deal more damage and gain more power.
Emmitt the Traveler : Can change time itself. also hits with his speed instead of his strength. rides a clock in game.
Garrus the Gladiator : A dog and human combined into a gladiator fighter. Hits very hard and can howl to make his team regroup or make the enemy run away.
Gydion the Archwizard : a wizard with a spellbook.
Hanu the Trickster : A monkey that uses his tricky playstyle to screw over enemy plans. Does not deal alot of damage and likes to work togheter
Ignatia the Mad : A fire mage that uses chaos when playing to determine what she does.
Min the Dragonmonk : this monk uses different animal stance based attacks to shape the battlefield to his will. He also has a smoke bomb and granates and landmines.
Misa the Samurai : A noble warrior that is a samurai and very mobile. She can fly.
Mortimer the Awakener : A necromancer that uses his zombie minions to help him. He also plays music.
Mrak the Rockshaper : A tanky big guy that uses stones to attack his enemies. He is a mage.
NebKher the Harbinger : A undead pharao type character. He makes the battlefield his own with mirror images and trickery. Also he needs to laugh diabolacly when playing.
Razzle the Ringmaster : A clown that uses 3 other copies of herself during gameplay. Plays a tricky dont get hit playstyle.
Rowenna the Vanguard : A noble knight that wants to fight fair.
Sabina the Commander : A girl with a pistol that uses tactics and her brain to setup the battlefield how she needs it to be.
Silverarrow the Pathfinder : An archer that wants to keep distance and ignores terrain while moving. Hit and run tactics.
Snorri the Runescribe : A rune mage dwarf that can use the runes to enhance and change his abilities.
Swift the Sharpshooter : A sniper that also has a jetpack to reposition. Shoots from very far away or uses a shotgun to blast you up close.
Takahide the Warlord : A pinguin warlord that changes his fighting styles depending on the situation. also he supports others by giving them sake to drink. he is lazy.
Tali the Spirit Caller : A fox spirit that uses ice magic to change the battlefield. The also can create totems and icebariers around the battlefield to support her allies.
Tigerclaw the Cutpurse : This thief can steal coins but also go invisible. His attacks are very fast faster than the other characters and he can blink through enemies to attack them.
Trinkets the Scavenger : A lizard with a turret he can build during the game. The turret does his attacks and he can also build bunkers.
Ursafar the Savage : A bear and wolf combined. The strongest and most tanky character in the game. Works with an enrage mechanic which makes him stronger when raging. He is also the slowest character in the game.
Wasp the Warmaiden : A controlling mage that uses electrical shocks to fight enemies. She has the option to use her boomerang as her attack or create a elektromechnatic field to keep enemies in or out.
Whisper the Outcast : A judge that died and became a judge  for the devil. Uses blood magic to search enemies that are wounded to attack with his claws or he makes them feared and then they run away for him to chase.
Widget and Pyro : A lizard and his dragon friend. they have aztec vibes to them and work togheter to attack enemies.
Wuk the Grove Guardian : A big gorilla ape that plants trees and uses them to create a forest on the battlefield in which his abilities are stronger.
Xargatha the Changed : A snake warrior that acts like medusa on the battlefield. Making enemies turn to stone. Or siren song them closer to her to then choke them with her tail.